oh there she is I haven't I've been
standing here looking and she's looking
at me that is just amazed so if you
happen to be walking right along here
she'd let you walk right by here and
never reveal her presence because she's
relying on the fact that she's difficult
to see and she's in a hunting coil and
she's been waiting for rodent how much
of a chance is that she would strike at
us if you startle her and stepped right
next to her or on her mm-hmm but I've
stepped within four inches of them
inadvertently and they didn't rattle
they've now has to try and get the snake
into a bag it's very thin Dave yes and
you'll be able to see the snake through
the bag so you'll know where her head is
she can bite through the bag so sounds
aren't as I tire up I'll be aware of
that because it cuz my hands will be on
the bag to avoid stressing the snake
Dave carefully and skillfully scoops it
up if he tries to pin it behind the head
the snake will think it's being attacked
and try to fight back comes there rattle
when their defensive or frightened
that's when you're most likely to get
better
that's the first time ever heard that
thought from the cowboy friends contrary
to popular belief rattlesnakes do not
deliberately attack humans she'll settle
down and the dark will certainly help
and she won't bite through your backpack
all she well it's cordura it's pretty
tough I hope not Dave's dry sense of
humor leaves us feeling a little
uncertain at times but we know were in
safe hands he's been handling snakes
since he was a young boy we're glad of a
demonstration in handling and anesthetic
technique before we start surgery to
replace the transmitter on the snake we
caught this is the tube that will use
and in this gauze and cap just
facilitate the anesthesia because this
will be made into a chamber once the
snake is in so the tricky bit is getting
it into the tube that's see trick right
ok and this snake is going to be
challenged because he's about as big as
a black-tailed rattlesnake yes ooh he is
not happy but will do here is when I
feel like he's far enough up in the tube
I'm gonna reach down and grab his body
and the tube and it just barely fits in
this tube right exactly just go there so
I don't want to release the tube where
I'm going to be holding a free friday
night so I'm gonna make sure you firmly
grab the tube and the snake center
exactly okay having seen it once it was
now my turn to try my hand at the art of
tubing although our female is smaller of
venomous just as potent
one arrow judgment or the slightest loss
of concentration could put us in
hospital without treatment bites can be
fatal
okay firmly grasp I think I am my heart
is beating a bit but it's um you can see
the benefits of this because obviously
it's far less stressful to the snake and
it's my hand is nowhere near its head
which is also really nice and I don't
think it can turn back in there can a
day doesn't look like it good